---
layout: post
title: "Building My ASCII GIF Generator"
date: 2025-11-09
gif: assets/gifs/CFrames.gif
excerpt: My First Steps To Learning Low Level Programming.
---

Welcome to my first post! I recently decided to create this blog for a variety of reasons. To ensure that I hold myself accountable I created this first post to outline what my goals are for this blog.

First: Relight The Fire

My first computer science experience was a summer camp I was able to attend at Sac State teaching us the basics C++ and the unreal engine to create games. During this camp I created a text adventure game in conjunction with a zombie shooter. I remember having a blast throughout the camp and will never forget the feeling I had. However, at the end of the camp I sat through presentations of others students projects and had this creeping sensation enter my mind. Little did I know it, but it was my first experience of imposter syndrome. Throughout my journey in Computer Science I catch this feeling reenter my mind again, so to combat this syndome I plan on enjoying the process and concepts of Computer Science by posting my learning through this blog. Rather than worry about the "quality" of projects I create, I want to create, engineer, and learn for the passion I have for the field as opposed to simply slamming projects on my resume. 

Second: Honesty

Anyone who has met me in person will agree I am often very blunt. So, in true Andrew fashion I intend on keeping this blog very blunt and straightforward. I believe there is a lot of fluff, misinformation, and mumbojumbo spread around online that often hinders, disencourages, and even gatekeeps people from pursuing their dreams within CS. All of my posts, whether it be exploring general concepts within CS, or overviewing passion projects I make, there will be a sense of pragmatism and honesty in my experiences. Providing this sense of honestly, or bluntness, is meant to give you the reader a raw look at the journey of a fellow computer scientist. 

Third: 
